Add known vector index issue where queries could be incorrectly rejected (#805)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/indexes-for-vector-search.adoc

====
| Neo4j 5.15

> | Vector indexes may incorrectly reject valid queries in a cluster setting. This is caused by a bug in the handling of index capabilities on followers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Vector indexes may incorrectly reject valid queries in a cluster setting.
This is caused by an issue in the handling of index capabilities on followers.
```

[TIP]
====
Because index capabilities will be correctly configured on a restart, this issue can be worked around by rolling the cluster after vector index creation.

> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
====

For more information about clustering in Neo4j, see the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/clustering[Operations Manual -> Clustering].
```
